on the campus of the University of
California Los Angeles unionized student
teachers researchers and lab assistants
set up a picket line on the very spot
where a Gaza solidarity protest was
broken up by Riot police earlier this
month the student workers say their
rights were violated then and they are
demanding now that the University of
California system declare amnesty from
reprisals for any students or faculty
members who participated in the protests
it means that classes are cancelled um
students won't be getting well first
exams and other uh tests and and
assignments will not be administered you
know the university makes diplomas
that's that's the kind of factory it is
and so if we can withhold the deg the
grades that make the diplomas um that's
an impact we can have on the functioning
of the university and hopefully that
will push the administration to actually
take our demand seriously the University
of California says the labor stoppage is
illegal because it violates the no
strike clause in the Union's contract it
asked the State Labor Board to order
workers to Halt the strike but the board
refused Strikers say the university
deliberately endangered its own students
you know there's so much discourse now
about Jewish students being or feeling
unsafe on campus as a Jewish student I
know why I'm feeling unsafe on campus
it's because of the cops it's because of
UCLA Administration and it's because of
the sist fascist that they've allowed on
campus the strike is underway at three
of the 10 University of California
campuses so far with workers at other
schools likely to walk out in coming
days while the strikes disrupted
campuses here in California across the
country Gaza solidarity protesters were
making their voices heard at graduation
ceremonies at Brown University vocal
protesters drowned out a speech by the
University president you know I really
like to give you your degrees do you
want your degrees at Princeton a small
group protested outside the gates of the
stadium where the commencement ceremony
was held inside dozens of graduates
wearing cfas over their gowns stood and
turned their backs on the University's
president University administrators may
have thought Riot police would solve
their protest problem but students
continue to find new ways to show their
outrage and demand change Rob Reynolds
Al jazer Los
Angeles make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer